fix(css): Fix `flex: 1` explanation (#37553)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_flexible_box_layout/basic_concepts_of_flexbox/index.md

Using `flex: none` will create fully inflexible flex items. It is as if you wrote `flex: 0 0 auto`. The items cannot grow or shrink and will be laid out using flexbox with a `flex-basis` of `auto`.

> The shorthand you often see in tutorials is `flex: 1` or `flex: 2` and so on. This is the same as writing `flex: 1 1 0` or `flex: 2 1 0` and so on, respectively. The items get minimum size due to `flex-basis: 0` and then proportionally grow to fill the available space. In this case, the `flex-shrink` value of `1` is redundant because the item starts with minimum size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The shorthand you often see in tutorials is `flex: 1` or `flex: 2` and so on. This is the same as writing `flex: 1 1 0` or `flex: 2 1 0` and so on, respectively. The items get minimum size due to `flex-basis: 0` and then proportionally grow to fill the available space. In this case, the `flex-shrink` value of `1` is redundant because the items start with minimum size — they're not given any size that could cause them to overflow the flex container.
```
